# ENHANCED-TWO-FACTOR-AUTHENTICATION-SYSTEM-WITH-AES-ENCRYPTION-AND-ENCRYPTED-OTP
Validation in the PC world alludes to the demonstration of affirming the credibility of the client's computerized personality guarantee. Right now, mainstream confirmation components are for the most part based the accompanying variables: something that the client has (an item), knows (a mystery), or extraordinarily speaks to him (biometric identifiers). In the easiest structure, a framework that requires verification challenges the client for a mystery, commonly a couple of username and secret word. The section of the right pair awards access on the framework's administrations or assets. Shockingly, this methodology is defenseless to a few weaknesses and disadvantages. These deficiencies range from client chose frail or effectively guessable passwords to more modern dangers, for example, malware and console sniffers(keyloggers) etc. To minimize the vulnerabilities, we use a system of random OTP send to registered email id of the user at the time of login so as to prevent the hacker from gaining access to the resources even when he has the password and OTP generated is always unique so unless the hacker has access to emails of the user the system is secure. We have minimized the use of session variable and cookies in the proposed system sensitive data is only stored in database that too using AES encryption. This property alone delivers assaults including word reference assaults and console sniffers computationally hard expanding our capacity to safeguard against brute force attacks. Although biometric authentication systems are considered to be more secure, but in web applications it is not feasible to implement such resource intensive authentication mechanisms thus multifactor authentication using is the balance between secure and user-friendly systems. Multifaceted verification is typically cultivated by joining the customary content-based confirmation with another factor. These elements can incorporate keen cards, USB tokens, handheld gadgets, or one-time secret phrase tokens. Having at least two variables fortifies the resources. The point of the proposed framework is to furnish the client with the safer verification. In this task, the proposed framework is a Multi-factor Authentication System for giving greater security to profoundly classified information. Our methodology conquers the restrictions of the conventional password frameworks.
